{\rtf \tx504 \li504 \fi-504 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa240 1. \tab Albers J, Pacil\uc0\u233{} S, Markus MA, Wiart M, Vande Velde G, Tromba G, Dullin C. X-ray-Based 3D Virtual Histology-Adding the Next Dimension to Histological Analysis. Mol Imaging Biol. 2018 Oct;20(5):732\uc0\u8211{}741. PMID: 29968183
\
2. \tab Benjamin K, Bhandari A, Kepple JD, Qi R, Shang Z, Xing Y, An Y, Zhang N, Hou Y, Crockford TL, McCallion O, Issa F, Hester J, Tillmann U, Harrington HA, Bull KR. Multiscale topology classifies cells in subcellular spatial transcriptomics. Nature. Nature Publishing Group; 2024 Jun 19;1\uc0\u8211{}7.
 \
3. \tab Busse M, M\uc0\u252{}ller M, Kimm MA, Ferstl S, Allner S, Achterhold K, Herzen J, Pfeiffer F. Three-dimensional virtual histology enabled through cytoplasm-specific X-ray stain for microscopic and nanoscopic computed tomography. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences; 2018 Mar 6;115(10):2293\uc0\u8211{}2298.
 \
4. \tab Chazal F, Michel B. An Introduction to Topological Data Analysis: Fundamental and Practical Aspects for Data Scientists. Front Artif Intell. 2021 Sep 29;4:667963. PMCID: PMC8511823
\
5. \tab Cheng KC, Xin X, Clark DP, La Riviere P. Whole-animal imaging, gene function, and the Zebrafish Phenome Project. Curr Opin Genet Dev. 2011 Oct;21(5):620\uc0\u8211{}629. PMCID: PMC3413372
\
6. \tab Crawford L, Monod A, Chen AX, Mukherjee S, Rabad\uc0\u225{}n R. Predicting Clinical Outcomes in Glioblastoma: An Application of Topological and Functional Data Analysis. Journal of the American Statistical Association. Taylor & Francis; 2020 Jul 2;115(531):1139\uc0\u8211{}1150.
 \
7. \tab Ding Y, Vanselow DJ, Yakovlev MA, Katz SR, Lin AY, Clark DP, Vargas P, Xin X, Copper JE, Canfield VA, Ang KC, Wang Y, Xiao X, De Carlo F, van Rossum DB, La Riviere P, Cheng KC. Computational 3D histological phenotyping of whole zebrafish by X-ray histotomography. White RM, Stainier DY, Ekker SC, editors. eLife. eLife Sciences Publications, Ltd; 2019 May 7;8:e44898.
 \
8. \tab Epstein JI. Prostate cancer grading: a decade after the 2005 modified system. Mod Pathol. Nature Publishing Group; 2018 Jan;31(1):47\uc0\u8211{}63.
 \
9. \tab Flach RN, Willemse PPM, Suelmann BBM, Deckers IAG, Jonges TN, van Dooijeweert C, van Diest PJ, Meijer RP. Significant Inter- and Intralaboratory Variation in Gleason Grading of Prostate Cancer: A Nationwide Study of 35,258 Patients in The Netherlands. Cancers (Basel). 2021 Oct 27;13(21):5378. PMCID: PMC8582481
\
10. \tab Frohn J, Pinkert-Leetsch D, Missbach-G\uc0\u252{}ntner J, Reichardt M, Osterhoff M, Alves F, Salditt T. 3D virtual histology of human pancreatic tissue by multiscale phase-contrast X-ray tomography. J Synchrotron Radiat. 2020 Nov 1;27(Pt 6):1707\uc0\u8211{}1719. PMCID: PMC7642968
\
11. \tab Frost J, Schmitzer B, T\uc0\u246{}pperwien M, Eckermann M, Franz J, Stadelmann C, Salditt T. 3d Virtual Histology Reveals Pathological Alterations of Cerebellar Granule Cells in Multiple Sclerosis. Neuroscience. 2023 Jun 1;520:18\uc0\u8211{}38.
 \
12. \tab Glaser AK, Bishop KW, Barner LA, Susaki EA, Kubota SI, Gao G, Serafin RB, Balaram P, Turschak E, Nicovich PR, Lai H, Lucas LAG, Yi Y, Nichols EK, Huang H, Reder NP, Wilson JJ, Sivakumar R, Shamskhou E, Stoltzfus CR, Wei X, Hempton AK, Pende M, Murawala P, Dodt HU, Imaizumi T, Shendure J, Beliveau BJ, Gerner MY, Xin L, Zhao H, True LD, Reid RC, Chandrashekar J, Ueda HR, Svoboda K, Liu JTC. A hybrid open-top light-sheet microscope for versatile multi-scale imaging of cleared tissues. Nat Methods. Nature Publishing Group; 2022 May;19(5):613\uc0\u8211{}619.
 \
13. \tab Gordetsky J, Epstein J. Grading of prostatic adenocarcinoma: current state and prognostic implications. Diagn Pathol. 2016 Mar 9;11:25. PMCID: PMC4784293
\
14. \tab Katiyar P, Schwenck J, Frauenfeld L, Divine MR, Agrawal V, Kohlhofer U, Gatidis S, Kontermann R, K\uc0\u246{}nigsrainer A, Quintanilla-Martinez L, la Foug\uc0\u232{}re C, Sch\uc0\u246{}lkopf B, Pichler BJ, Disselhorst JA. Quantification of intratumoural heterogeneity in mice and patients via machine-learning models trained on PET\uc0\u8211{}MRI data. Nat Biomed Eng. Nature Publishing Group; 2023 Aug;7(8):1014\uc0\u8211{}1027.
 \
15. \tab Katsamenis OL, Olding M, Warner JA, Chatelet DS, Jones MG, Sgalla G, Smit B, Larkin OJ, Haig I, Richeldi L, Sinclair I, Lackie PM, Schneider P. X-ray Micro-Computed Tomography for Nondestructive Three-Dimensional (3D) X-ray Histology. Am J Pathol. 2019 Aug;189(8):1608\uc0\u8211{}1620. PMCID: PMC6680277
\
16. \tab Katz SR, Yakovlev MA, Vanselow DJ, Ding Y, Lin AY, Parkinson DY, Wang Y, Canfield VA, Ang KC, Cheng KC. Whole-organism 3D quantitative characterization of zebrafish melanin by silver deposition micro-CT. White RM, Ekker SC, White RM, editors. eLife. eLife Sciences Publications, Ltd; 2021 Sep 16;10:e68920.
 \
17. \tab Koyuncu C, Janowczyk A, Farre X, Pathak T, Mirtti T, Fernandez PL, Pons L, Reder NP, Serafin R, Chow SS, Viswanathan VS, Glaser AK, True LD, Liu JT, Madabhushi A. Visual assessment of 2D levels within 3D pathology datasets of prostate needle biopsies reveals substantial spatial heterogeneity. Lab Invest. 2023 Oct 17;100265. PMID: 37858679
\
18. \tab Lawson P, Sholl AB, Brown JQ, Fasy BT, Wenk C. Persistent Homology for the Quantitative Evaluation of Architectural Features in Prostate Cancer Histology. Sci Rep. 2019 Feb 4;9:1139. PMCID: PMC6361896
\
19. \tab Liu JTC, Glaser AK, Bera K, True LD, Reder NP, Eliceiri KW, Madabhushi A. Harnessing non-destructive 3D pathology. Nat Biomed Eng. Nature Publishing Group; 2021 Mar;5(3):203\uc0\u8211{}218.
 \
20. \tab Maitin-Shepard J, Baden A, Silversmith W, Perlman E, Collman F, Blakely T, Funke J, Jordan C, Falk B, Kemnitz N, tingzhao, Roat C, Castro M, Jagannathan S, moenigin, Clements J, Hoag A, Katz B, Parsons D, Wu J, Kamentsky L, Chervakov P, Hubbard P, Berg S, Hoffer J, Halageri A, Machacek C, Mader K, Roeder L, Li PH. google/neuroglancer: [Internet]. Zenodo; 2021 [cited 2024 Jul 31]. Available from: https://zenodo.org/records/5573294
\
21. \tab Metscher BD. MicroCT for comparative morphology: simple staining methods allow high-contrast 3D imaging of diverse non-mineralized animal tissues. BMC Physiology. 2009 Jun 22;9(1):11.
 \
22. \tab Miller M, Johnston N, Livengood I, Spinelli M, Sazdanovic R, Olufsen MS. A topological data analysis study on murine pulmonary arterial trees with pulmonary hypertension. Mathematical Biosciences. 2023 Oct 1;364:109056.
 \
23. \tab Mohan KA, Forien JB, Sridhar V, Cuadra JA, Parkinson D. Non-Linear Phase-Retrieval Algorithms for X-ray Propagation-Based Phase-Contrast Tomography [Internet]. arXiv; 2023 [cited 2023 Jul 28]. Available from: http://arxiv.org/abs/2305.00334
\
24. \tab Mohan KA, Parkinson DY, Cuadra JA, Parkinson DY, Cuadra JA. Constrained Non-Linear Phase Retrieval for Single Distance Xray Phase Contrast Tomography. Electronic Imaging. Society for Imaging Science and Technology; 2020 Jan 26;32:1\uc0\u8211{}8.
 \
25. \tab Norvik C, West\uc0\u246{}\uc0\u246{} CK, Peruzzi N, Lovric G, van der Have O, Mokso R, Jeremiasen I, Brunnstr\uc0\u246{}m H, Galambos C, Bech M, Tran-Lundmark K. Synchrotron-based phase-contrast micro-CT as a tool for understanding pulmonary vascular pathobiology and the 3-D microanatomy of alveolar capillary dysplasia. American Journal of Physiology-Lung Cellular and Molecular Physiology. American Physiological Society; 2020 Jan;318(1):L65\uc0\u8211{}L75.
 \
26. \tab Ozkan TA, Eruyar AT, Cebeci OO, Memik O, Ozcan L, Kuskonmaz I. Interobserver variability in Gleason histological grading of prostate cancer. Scand J Urol. 2016 Dec;50(6):420\uc0\u8211{}424. PMID: 27416104
\
27. \tab Pinkert-Leetsch D, Frohn J, Str\uc0\u246{}bel P, Alves F, Salditt T, Missbach-Guentner J. Three-dimensional analysis of human pancreatic cancer specimens by phase-contrast based X-ray tomography \uc0\u8211{} the next dimension of diagnosis. Cancer Imaging. 2023 May 2;23(1):43.
 \
28. \tab Polikarpov M, Vila-Comamala J, Wang Z, Pereira A, van Gogh S, Gasser C, Jefimovs K, Romano L, Varga Z, L\uc0\u229{}ng K, Schmeltz M, Tessarini S, Rawlik M, Jermann E, Lewis S, Yun W, Stampanoni M. Towards virtual histology with X-ray grating interferometry. Sci Rep. Nature Publishing Group; 2023 Jun 3;13(1):9049.
 \
29. \tab Primakov SP, Ibrahim A, van Timmeren JE, Wu G, Keek SA, Beuque M, Granzier RWY, Lavrova E, Scrivener M, Sanduleanu S, Kayan E, Halilaj I, Lenaers A, Wu J, Monshouwer R, Geets X, Gietema HA, Hendriks LEL, Morin O, Jochems A, Woodruff HC, Lambin P. Automated detection and segmentation of non-small cell lung cancer computed tomography images. Nat Commun. Nature Publishing Group; 2022 Jun 14;13(1):3423.
 \
30. \tab Rebello RJ, Oing C, Knudsen KE, Loeb S, Johnson DC, Reiter RE, Gillessen S, Van der Kwast T, Bristow RG. Prostate cancer. Nat Rev Dis Primers. Nature Publishing Group; 2021 Feb 4;7(1):1\uc0\u8211{}27.
 \
31. \tab Riedel M, Taphorn K, Gustschin A, Busse M, Hammel JU, Moosmann J, Beckmann F, Fischer F, Thibault P, Herzen J. Comparing x-ray phase-contrast imaging using a Talbot array illuminator to propagation-based imaging for non-homogeneous biomedical samples. Sci Rep. Nature Publishing Group; 2023 Apr 28;13(1):6996.
 \
32. \tab Robins V, Saadatfar M, Delgado-Friedrichs O, Sheppard AP. Percolating length scales from topological persistence analysis of micro-CT images of porous materials. Water Resources Research. 2016;52(1):315\uc0\u8211{}329.
 \
33. \tab Serafin R, Koyuncu C, Xie W, Huang H, Glaser AK, Reder NP, Janowczyk A, True LD, Madabhushi A, Liu JT. Nondestructive 3D pathology with analysis of nuclear features for prostate cancer risk assessment. J Pathol. 2023 Aug;260(4):390\uc0\u8211{}401. PMCID: PMC10524574
\
34. \tab Song AH, Williams M, Williamson DFK, Chow SSL, Jaume G, Gao G, Zhang A, Chen B, Baras AS, Serafin R, Colling R, Downes MR, Farr\uc0\u233{} X, Humphrey P, Verrill C, True LD, Parwani AV, Liu JTC, Mahmood F. Analysis of 3D pathology samples using weakly supervised AI. Cell. 2024 May 9;187(10):2502-2520.e17.
 \
35. \tab Tajbakhsh K, Neels A, Fadeeva E, Larsson JC, Stanowska O, Perren A, Zboray R. A Comprehensive Study of Laboratory-Based Micro-CT for 3D Virtual Histology of Human FFPE Tissue Blocks. IEEE Access. 2024;12:78304\uc0\u8211{}78316.
 \
36. \tab Tajbakhsh K, Stanowska O, Neels A, Perren A, Zboray R. 3D Virtual Histopathology by Phase-Contrast X-Ray Micro-CT for Follicular Thyroid Neoplasms. IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging. 2024 Jul;43(7):2670\uc0\u8211{}2678.
 \
37. \tab T\uc0\u246{}pperwien M, Markus A, Alves F, Salditt T. Contrast enhancement for visualizing neuronal cytoarchitecture by propagation-based x-ray phase-contrast tomography. Neuroimage. 2019 Oct 1;199:70\uc0\u8211{}80. PMID: 31129306
\
38. \tab T\uc0\u246{}pperwien M, van der Meer F, Stadelmann C, Salditt T. Correlative x-ray phase-contrast tomography and histology of human brain tissue affected by Alzheimer\uc0\u8217{}s disease. Neuroimage. 2020 Apr 15;210:116523. PMID: 31935519
\
39. \tab Wasserman L. Topological Data Analysis. Annual Review of Statistics and Its Application. 2018;5(1):501\uc0\u8211{}532.
 \
40. \tab Xie W, Reder NP, Koyuncu C, Leo P, Hawley S, Huang H, Mao C, Postupna N, Kang S, Serafin R, Gao G, Han Q, Bishop KW, Barner LA, Fu P, Wright JL, Keene CD, Vaughan JC, Janowczyk A, Glaser AK, Madabhushi A, True LD, Liu JTC. Prostate Cancer Risk Stratification via Nondestructive 3D Pathology with Deep Learning-Assisted Gland Analysis. Cancer Res. 2022 Jan 15;82(2):334\uc0\u8211{}345. PMCID: PMC8803395
\
41. \tab Yakovlev MA, Vanselow DJ, Ngu MS, Zaino CR, Katz SR, Ding Y, Parkinson D, Wang SY, Ang KC, La Riviere P, Cheng KC. A wide-field micro-computed tomography detector: micron resolution at half-centimetre scale. J Synchrotron Rad. International Union of Crystallography; 2022 Mar 1;29(2):505\uc0\u8211{}514.
 \
42. \tab Yakovlev MA, Liang K, Zaino CR, Vanselow DJ, Sugarman AL, Lin AY, Riviere PJL, Zheng Y, Silverman JD, Leichty JC, Huang SX, Cheng KC. Quantitative Geometric Modeling of Blood Cells from X-ray Histotomograms of Whole Zebrafish Larvae. eLife [Internet]. eLife Sciences Publications Limited; 2023 Oct 16 [cited 2023 Dec 7];12. Available from: https://elifesciences.org/reviewed-preprints/89432
\
43. \tab Robbins & Cotran Pathologic Basis of Disease - 10th Edition [Internet]. [cited 2023 Nov 16]. Available from: https://shop.elsevier.com/books/robbins-and-cotran-pathologic-basis-of-disease/kumar/978-0-323-53113-9
\
}